Update readme (#34)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-T10-4/tp: README.md

![Ui](docs/images/Ui.png)

Tutor's Pet is a student management application that aims to reduce the workload of tutors. It provides a one stop

>  platform for tutors to handle all of their administrative matters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platform for tutors to handle all of their administrative matters.
```

- Tutor's Pet allows you to keep track of all your classes, students and lessons.

> - Tutor's Pet allows you to mark students' attendance and participation for a particular lesson.

Reviewer: Not sure if this would sound more in line with the other points since the word 'your' was used in both the other.
```suggestion
- Tutor's Pet allows you to mark your students' attendance and participation for each lesson.
```

> - Tutor's Pet displays your upcoming lessons so that you will never forget about it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tutor's Pet displays your upcoming lessons so that you will never forget about them again.
```
